Nancy/introduct edits (#25)
ShiftLeftSecurity/documentation: introduction/products.md

# ShiftLeft Products

ShiftLeft is an application security platform with three solutions: 

> * **ShiftLeft Ocular**. Use to perform code analysis on code property graphs and security profiles, both interactively or with non-interactive scripts. ShiftLeft Ocular gives code auditors and reviewers the ability to construct and tune powerful, highly customized queries for interactive interrogation of your unique code bases and environments.

Reviewer: Use to perform code analysis on code property graphs and security profiles, both interactively or with non-interactive automated scripts. ShiftLeft Ocular gives app-sec teams, code auditors, vulnerability researchers and code reviewers the ability to construct and tune powerful, highly customized queries for interactive interrogation of your unique code bases and environments. These queries could be crafted to discover logical/protocol vulnerabilities, CVE variants, security regression failures and zero day vulnerabilities amongst their many other use cases.

* **ShiftLeft Protect**. ShiftLeft Protect automates the monitoring of vulnerabilities at runtime by leveraging “code-informed” insights. The result is specific security policies to protect the vulnerabilities still present in the runtime environment. This laser-focused approach to instrumenting security policies based on residual vulnerabilities enables Protect to operate with minimal footprint and overhead. 

* **ShiftLeft Ocular**. Use to perform code analysis on code property graphs and security profiles, both interactively or with non-interactive scripts. ShiftLeft Ocular gives code auditors and reviewers the ability to construct and tune powerful, highly customized queries for interactive interrogation of your unique code bases and environments.

Other components of the ShiftLeft Platform are:

> * **Code Property Graph (CPC)**. All ShiftLeft solutions leverage the CPG. In a single graph, the CPG provides an extensible, multi-layered representation of each code version, including the various levels of abstraction. The unique insights from the CPG provide all ShiftLeft solutions with granular detail and a deep understanding of data flows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Code Property Graph (CPG)**. All ShiftLeft solutions leverage the CPG. In a single graph, the CPG provides an extensible, multi-layered representation of each code version, including the various levels of abstraction. The unique insights from the CPG provide all ShiftLeft solutions with granular detail and a deep understanding of data flows.
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer 2: Hmm.. it still shows up incorrectly

> * **ShiftLeft Command Line Interface (CLI)**. The ShiftLeft CLI is used with ShiftLeft Inspect to submit applications for analysis and with ShiftLeft Protect to monitor your applications in runtime. 

Reviewer 2: I would describe this as "the interface to Inspect and Protect via the command line" and then "It is used to submit applications .... etc".

Author: Done

> * **ShiftLeft Dashboard**. Your visual interface with ShiftLeft Inspect and ShiftLeft Protect. Shows information on the security profiles of analyzed applications and the monitoring of the security of these applications in production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **ShiftLeft Dashboard**. Your visual interface with ShiftLeft Inspect and ShiftLeft Protect. Shows information on the vulnerabilities of analyzed applications and the monitoring of the security of these applications in production. It also allows you to manage your ShiftLeft account.
```

Author: Done

> * **ShiftLeft Microagent**. ShiftLeft Protect deploys a ShiftLeft Microagent in-memory alongside your runtime application. The Microagent protects the residual issues in production and is customized to your application's specific shape and weaknesses through the use of a Security Profile for Runtime (SPR). Each Microagent connects to a ShiftLeft Proxy server to download the SPR and to send events and metrics to the Dashboard. The Microagent memory footprint is a minimal (~50MB).

Reviewer 2: I would not necessarily mention the memory footprint in this paragraph. Rest looks good.

Author: Done.

> * **Ocular Query Language (OQL)**. Use to query CPGs and SPRs. OQL results are available and exportable via standard JSON format for easy integration into the security tools in use by your organization and for sharing data across the SDLC.

Reviewer 2: Hmm.. not sure I agree with the structure here. CPG and CLI and the agent are not the solutions themselves, they are components of the solutions.

Perhaps we can split this in two parts:
* First part, listing the three products (Ocular, Inspect, Protect)
* Second part, talking about components - CPG, CLI, agent, OQL (and later on, policies)

Author: Done
